Task:
The following are multiple choice questions (with answers) about professional_law. Think step by step and then output the answer in the format of "The answer is (X)" at the end. X is the index of the answer (either 0, 1, 2, or 3) 

Question: A teachers union, a nongovernmental entity, seeks to picket the local city school board for its decision to require higher certification for instructors who wish to teach in the gifted and talented classes in elementary school. After a few days of picketing, the school board seeks a temporary injunction in the state court to restrain further picketing of the school board. The school board insists that the teachers union has violated Section 101 of the city's picketing ordinance. Section 101 reads as follows:"Section 101. No picketing shall be permitted inside of, or on any sidewalk or street immediately adjacent or contiguous to public elementary and secondary schools without express permission of the mayor. Applications for such permission shall be filed at least three days before such picketing is intended to begin and shall state the purpose, place, and time of the proposed picketing. "The court will most likely

0. grant relief, because the teachers unionfailed to follow the procedure outlined in theordinance.
1. grant relief, because the ordinance isconstitutional.
2. deny relief, because the picketing ordinancewas unconstitutional on its face.
3. deny relief, because the ordinance does notprovide procedural due process.

Answer: 

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
pdf

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
5.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

