Task:
The following are multiple choice questions (with answers) about professional_law. Think step by step and then output the answer in the format of "The answer is (X)" at the end. X is the index of the answer (either 0, 1, 2, or 3) 

Question: While a ski lift was ascending the mountain, the overhead cable broke, dropping a skier 15 feet to the ground. The skier suffered a broken pelvis on account of the fall. Thereafter, the skier sued the ski resort alleging negligent maintenance of the ski lift machinery. The ski resort's skier's attorney took a discovery deposition of a witness who was seated behind the skier at the time of the accident. The witness died shortly after the deposition. At trial, the skier offers the witness's deposition testimony into evidence. Upon objection by the ski resort's attorney, the deposition is

0. admissible as former testimony.
1. admissible, provided that the witness's statements are more probative on the point than any other evidence the skier can procure through reasonable efforts and that the skier has given the ski resort reasonable notice that she would offer the deposition.
2. inadmissible, because it violates the ski resort's right to confront the witnesses against itself.
3. inadmissible, because it is hearsay not within any recognized exception.

Answer: 

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
document

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
5.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

