Task:
The following are multiple choice questions (with answers) about professional_law. Think step by step and then output the answer in the format of "The answer is (X)" at the end. X is the index of the answer (either 0, 1, 2, or 3) 

Question: A city imposes a municipal excise tax of $200 per year on commercial artists' studios in that city. It also imposes an excise tax of $100 per year on every itinerant commercial figure drawer for the privilege of using the streets and sidewalks. A credit is allowed against this latter tax for any excise tax paid to the city by the drawer or his employer in respect to the maintenance of an artist's studio in the city. A gallery, located in a neighboring state, has been sending two itinerant artists into the city. Their practice is to draw a picture of a pedestrian, ask him to order a finished painting, and collect a payment of $2. 00. The drawing is sent to a studio, which frames it and mails the framed painting to the customer. The neighboring state does not impose a tax on artists' studios. The gallery challenges the constitutionality of the $100 per year excise tax that is imposed upon its itinerant artists in the city. The court will most likely declare this tax

0. constitutional, as a valid ad valorem tax on interstate commerce.
1. constitutional, since the tax was levied not on the commercial art business as a whole but on the local activity of drawing pictures.
2. unconstitutional, since a state or municipality may not impose a license tax on orders for goods or services to be perfonned in another state.
3. unconstitutional, as a discriminatory privilege tax.

Answer: 

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
document

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
7.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

