Task:
The following are multiple choice questions (with answers) about professional_law. Think step by step and then output the answer in the format of "The answer is (X)" at the end. X is the index of the answer (either 0, 1, 2, or 3) 

Question: The authorities arrested a man without a warrant and held him imprisoned for 14 days without a determination of probable cause. He finally saw a public defender who filed a motion to dismiss alleging an unconstitutional detention in violation of due process. The prosecution countered that the state's rules allowed for detention without a probable cause hearing for up to 30 days, and that the procedure was constitutional. Will the court most likely decide that this detention is unconstitutional?

0. No, because the Supreme Court has ruled that detentions can properly last up to 30 days without a probable cause determination.
1. No, because each case must be decided on its own facts and there may be many good reasons why the state has not yet provided a probable cause determination.
2. Yes, because when the state arrests someone without a warrant it must provide a prompt probable cause determination.
3. No, because it is constitutional to hold someone for up to 15 days without a probable cause determination.

Answer: 

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
document

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
5.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

